Thanks for the great response! The CommonWar serves no purpose in this case.  Just put your common resources in each WAR in it's lib directory, or in the EAR itself.  A war is not meant to just package resources, the EAR serves that purpose.  Although less configuration is required if you simple put it in each WAR. This is javascript? What do the dollar signs do? Any suggestions to replace that line? I want to allow a domain specific match, or match all if no domain is specified. Is there a better way besides duplicating the entire query inside an if/else statement? FWIW, I tried commenting out that line and the execution time went down to 8 seconds, so that appears to be the culprit. Any suggestions would be appreciated. What's the best way to post the EP here? Also, the suggested modification allows the conditional specification of a domain, like I wanted. So thanks for that. Still hovering around 9 seconds though. The final query still runs a clustered index scan at 37% cost iterating over all 2 million rows. What's the best way to do that? I'm not sure how to export it to a readable format for posting here. It's a summary - returns less than 5 rows atm. Also, added the execution plan to the original question for reference. I had that requirement in my original question: "(...)for it to return Fish objects only. (...) it needs to be ordered by Rank." I just pointed it out again in my edit because it appeared nobody read the whole question... Thanks for your help! They should all work. Just remember that in javascript, the `^` operator does *not* mean "raise to the power of". Well that sucks. Although you hadn't mentioned that they were links. I've added the TVF source. Not sure what the difference between inline and multistatement is. I'm trying to get the TVF to look at the narrower data set, instead of the entire table, if possible. Yeah but what are you hinting at? The whole point of Type Safety? Yup, like WordPress themes. May the wish come true soon. Thanks Patrick, Appreciate the answer. :) I'm curious about the down votes. Anybody want to tell me why? So the string.format would perform this operation 4/TenThousandths of a second faster If this function is going to get called a ton you might notice that difference. But it at least answers his question instead of just telling him to do it the same way he already said he didn't want to do it. I hope that isn't the real password for a database at your work 0_o "they are universally accessible to thousands of tools"  - bingo. Chicken and egg problem, really. I don't really think the medium programming tools work in is a matter of 'habit'. :) Neat. I knew of killall, but not pkill. too funny, I've just never thought of that with booleans, and you're the first to ever mention it! I didn't realize there was an actively maintained reference for these. Thanks. I'm a day-to-day Lisper, and I have to disagree with you to an extent. Lisp source code contains a lot of information that's not preserved when parsed -- reader macros and comments, for example. You could also say that C source code is a serialization of a C compiler's parse tree. I like the use of direct probability over choosing randomly from a list of lines. If I may ask, why is this needed? Maybe there is another way to do what you need. Pointer arithmetic doesn't work like straight arithmetic. Any addition is converted into the pointer size first. Yeah, if I saw that second piece of work in real code, I would be quite confused. But it does work differently, at least on this machine, so I suppose I should do a little boning up on the stuff. Yes, I did mean size of pointed to object. Sorry for the confusion. :( I'm not sure what you mean by "for task that both require like sending email" This is a nice elegent solution in the right situation. I did this mapping keycodes recently, and it seemed to read okay for that purpose. Assuming of course, that he's not writing in C. :) You can write FORT^H^H^H^H Java in any language. ;p Oh God, I'm a dead man now aren't I? I didn't mean it guys! :D Can you post the table structure of the tables involved, or at least the relevant fields?  It'll help figure us figure out how to phrase your query. Thanks for pointing out, but I was looking for more precise suggestions/samples of having this done in relation to VSX package. just FYI, Visual Studio is just an IDE, it is the .Net framework that defines the data types.  It might also help if you clarify what language you are using, although that doesn't directly affect the answers to your question. Another benchmark showing OCaml as fast as C : http://www.timestretch.com/FractalBenchmark.html Yup.  Processor cache swapping is a big deal here.  Also, timeslicing can mess up your "tests" pretty bad.  Have to be careful! milliseconds or microseconds? if those are milli that is an eternity! The textbox is already multiline.  I would try to replace the characters manually, but some of the characters aren't CRLF, and frankly, some of them mess my app up!  For example, sometimes when I receive a character and try to write it, it clears the textbox.  Thanks for the response mate. As long as you initialize the list at startup, finalize it and dont change it afterward, an ArrayList is fine for multiple threads. I apologies for not being able to articulate this question very well. The byte stream comes from a udp client, sent from hlds (Half Life Dedicated Server). From what I could find online, the encoding should be ASCII. I'll try the character 0 and let you guys know... but something tells me ur right. Thank you for the link. I will definitely look into this. I will look into this as an option. Thank you for the information. P.P.S. since we are on the pedantry bandwagon, "create" is probably better than both instance (v) and instantiate :-) You cannot defeat the loopback. Unfortunately it is another department in our company who developed it and it is now considered a legacy product. I guess I will have to persue this further with them. Thanks for the idea! :) it does support svn+ssh://. Same for me. With external tasks I usually include a classpath in the taskdef, but with some internal optional tasks (ssh, scp, scriptdef), I've not found a better solution than having the user copy the JARs to /home/.ant/lib   :-S Hmmm... I don't think the OP asked for the second program to return and answer *to the ruby program*. I guess it depends on how you interpret "return". are you using http(s):// or svn:// to access the repository? I may have got this wrong, but is it not the case that ALT does not work this way on Firefox? That's the thing. It used to work. It has only just become a problem I get a "Sorry, there was a problem uploading your file. Please press back on your browser and try again" error Damn folder permissions. One of my seniors changed them without telling me! A stack overflow can result in any kind of crash, including an access violation. And the shell runs the extensions in multiple threads - at least on Vista and even (to a lesser degree) on XP. Its not native code, it is a CF .NET dll. See edit for error. so I guess that's it. Thanks! VS2008. "standard class library" being one that is targeting the full .NET framework and no the compact framework. This doesn't seem to sit well with me, as before the files are compiled down they are simply text files. It should be a matter of switching the compiler and allowing it should determine which "System.Data" (or whatever reference) I import (full or CE). +1 because I don't understand this down voting thing.  Vote up, offensive, or not at all.  For this one, "not at all" would have been fine.  It should be at the bottom, but, I'd rather hear a joke from someone than nothing at all. why was this voted down? the value type for map is std::pair.Thanks for the great response! The CommonWar serves no purpose in this case.  Just put your common resources in each WAR in it's lib directory, or in the EAR itself.  A war is not meant to just package resources, the EAR serves that purpose.  Although less configuration is required if you simple put it in each WAR. This is javascript? What do the dollar signs do? Any suggestions to replace that line? I want to allow a domain specific match, or match all if no domain is specified. Is there a better way besides duplicating the entire query inside an if/else statement? FWIW, I tried commenting out that line and the execution time went down to 8 seconds, so that appears to be the culprit. Any suggestions would be appreciated. What's the best way to post the EP here? Also, the suggested modification allows the conditional specification of a domain, like I wanted. So thanks for that. Still hovering around 9 seconds though. The final query still runs a clustered index scan at 37% cost iterating over all 2 million rows. What's the best way to do that? I'm not sure how to export it to a readable format for posting here. It's a summary - returns less than 5 rows atm. Also, added the execution plan to the original question for reference. I had that requirement in my original question: "(...)for it to return Fish objects only. (...) it needs to be ordered by Rank." I just pointed it out again in my edit because it appeared nobody read the whole question... Thanks for your help! They should all work. Just remember that in javascript, the `^` operator does *not* mean "raise to the power of". Well that sucks. Although you hadn't mentioned that they were links. I've added the TVF source. Not sure what the difference between inline and multistatement is. I'm trying to get the TVF to look at the narrower data set, instead of the entire table, if possible. Yeah but what are you hinting at? The whole point of Type Safety? Yup, like WordPress themes. May the wish come true soon. Thanks Patrick, Appreciate the answer. :) I'm curious about the down votes. Anybody want to tell me why? So the string.format would perform this operation 4/TenThousandths of a second faster If this function is going to get called a ton you might notice that difference. But it at least answers his question instead of just telling him to do it the same way he already said he didn't want to do it. I hope that isn't the real password for a database at your work 0_o "they are universally accessible to thousands of tools"  - bingo. Chicken and egg problem, really. I don't really think the medium programming tools work in is a matter of 'habit'. :) Neat. I knew of killall, but not pkill. too funny, I've just never thought of that with booleans, and you're the first to ever mention it! I didn't realize there was an actively maintained reference for these. Thanks. I'm a day-to-day Lisper, and I have to disagree with you to an extent. Lisp source code contains a lot of information that's not preserved when parsed -- reader macros and comments, for example. You could also say that C source code is a serialization of a C compiler's parse tree. I like the use of direct probability over choosing randomly from a list of lines. If I may ask, why is this needed? Maybe there is another way to do what you need. Pointer arithmetic doesn't work like straight arithmetic. Any addition is converted into the pointer size first. Yeah, if I saw that second piece of work in real code, I would be quite confused. But it does work differently, at least on this machine, so I suppose I should do a little boning up on the stuff. Yes, I did mean size of pointed to object. Sorry for the confusion. :( I'm not sure what you mean by "for task that both require like sending email" This is a nice elegent solution in the right situation. I did this mapping keycodes recently, and it seemed to read okay for that purpose. Assuming of course, that he's not writing in C. :) You can write FORT^H^H^H^H Java in any language. ;p Oh God, I'm a dead man now aren't I? I didn't mean it guys! :D Can you post the table structure of the tables involved, or at least the relevant fields?  It'll help figure us figure out how to phrase your query. Thanks for pointing out, but I was looking for more precise suggestions/samples of having this done in relation to VSX package. just FYI, Visual Studio is just an IDE, it is the .Net framework that defines the data types.  It might also help if you clarify what language you are using, although that doesn't directly affect the answers to your question. Another benchmark showing OCaml as fast as C : http://www.timestretch.com/FractalBenchmark.html Yup.  Processor cache swapping is a big deal here.  Also, timeslicing can mess up your "tests" pretty bad.  Have to be careful! milliseconds or microseconds? if those are milli that is an eternity! The textbox is already multiline.  I would try to replace the characters manually, but some of the characters aren't CRLF, and frankly, some of them mess my app up!  For example, sometimes when I receive a character and try to write it, it clears the textbox.  Thanks for the response mate. As long as you initialize the list at startup, finalize it and dont change it afterward, an ArrayList is fine for multiple threads. I apologies for not being able to articulate this question very well. The byte stream comes from a udp client, sent from hlds (Half Life Dedicated Server). From what I could find online, the encoding should be ASCII. I'll try the character 0 and let you guys know... but something tells me ur right. Thank you for the link. I will definitely look into this. I will look into this as an option. Thank you for the information. P.P.S. since we are on the pedantry bandwagon, "create" is probably better than both instance (v) and instantiate :-) You cannot defeat the loopback. Unfortunately it is another department in our company who developed it and it is now considered a legacy product. I guess I will have to persue this further with them. Thanks for the idea! :) it does support svn+ssh://. Same for me. With external tasks I usually include a classpath in the taskdef, but with some internal optional tasks (ssh, scp, scriptdef), I've not found a better solution than having the user copy the JARs to /home/.ant/lib   :-S Hmmm... I don't think the OP asked for the second program to return and answer *to the ruby program*. I guess it depends on how you interpret "return". are you using http(s):// or svn:// to access the repository? I may have got this wrong, but is it not the case that ALT does not work this way on Firefox? That's the thing. It used to work. It has only just become a problem I get a "Sorry, there was a problem uploading your file. Please press back on your browser and try again" error Damn folder permissions. One of my seniors changed them without telling me! A stack overflow can result in any kind of crash, including an access violation. And the shell runs the extensions in multiple threads - at least on Vista and even (to a lesser degree) on XP. Its not native code, it is a CF .NET dll. See edit for error. so I guess that's it. Thanks! VS2008. "standard class library" being one that is targeting the full .NET framework and no the compact framework. This doesn't seem to sit well with me, as before the files are compiled down they are simply text files. It should be a matter of switching the compiler and allowing it should determine which "System.Data" (or whatever reference) I import (full or CE). +1 because I don't understand this down voting thing.  Vote up, offensive, or not at all.  For this one, "not at all" would have been fine.  It should be at the bottom, but, I'd rather hear a joke from someone than nothing at all. why was this voted down? the value type for map is std::pair.
The domain name system (DNS) is a naming database in which internet domain names are located and translated into Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. The domain name system maps the name people use to locate a website to the IP address that a computer uses to locate that website.
GitHub, Inc. is an Internet hosting service for software development and version control using Git. It provides the distributed version control of Git plus access control, bug tracking, software feature requests, task management, continuous integration, and wikis for every project
